---
title: "Here we go again"
date: 2017-11-12T13:03:53+01:00
draft: false
layout: post
---


I feel sort of strange, starting yet another blog. I have had a few of these over the years, starting 10+ years ago. The purpose of starting this one will slightly different.

First, you may have noticed, English is not my first language. But, having spent a few years living in Britain, I miss communicating in English on a daily basis, it helped me not only to understand others better, but to think in English as well. I have since moved to my home town of Prague and I seldom speak the language, because my job doesn't require it. So consider this blog as me venting in a language I don’t really speak but for which I have this sentimental longing.

Second, I have pivoted since my university days. I used to do a lot of web dev stuff in high school, but decided to pursue economic theory in university for a few unimportant reasons. I have since moved back into tech, focusing on data analysis and engineering. I have done that in all my jobs and non-jobs. Given that I had to learn much of that on my own, I have become self-reliant in terms of education. I’d like to vent some of that here as well.

Third, I am a forgetful person. I strive for a very broad knowledge of my field, but inevitably, I will forget some parts of what I learn. I like to keep notes in order to remind myself of what I once knew. Why not make these notes public?

With that, I hope you’ll find at least some of my content helpful.
